So what we do is, we create a state variable,
where we track which contracts are authorized.
This assumes that they may be more than
one because you may have architected your application so there's a Data Contract,
and three, or more, or five App Contracts.
In our scenario, there is just one,
so it could have just been a single variable.
But from an architectural standpoint,
to make this as flexible as possible,
we create a mapping.
We then create two functions, authorizedContract and deauthorizedContract,
each of which takes a parameter that will represent
the address of the deployed application contract.
Now, it's very important that
both these functions be restricted to authorized users because otherwise,
it defeats the purpose of even having them.
Finally, we create a function modifier IsCallerauthorized,
and the purpose of that is to check and assert every time a function
that is privileged or has important data that the caller is authorized to call it.
Ordinarily, you would just check to see if the user is authorized.
But in this case, now the user might represent a contract.